README.md, before:

[![Package Control](https://img.shields.io/packagecontrol/dt/Jumpy)](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/Jumpy)

# jumpy-sublime
An equivalent of [Atom's Jumpy package](https://github.com/DavidLGoldberg/jumpy) that creates dynamic hotkeys to jump around files and across visible panes, for Sublime Text.

![Demo of Jumpy](images/jumpy-in-action.gif)

## Installation

### Step 1: download package
#### Option 1: using Package Control
Open the Command Palette:  
- on PC: `shift+control+P`  
- on Mac: `shift+command+P`  

Select `Package Control: Install Package`.  

Select `Jumpy`.

#### Option 2: using GIT
```bash
git clone "https://github.com/jgburet/jumpy-sublime.git" \
	"~/Library/Application Support/Sublime Text 3/Packages/Jumpy" # <-- MacOS destination
```

### Step 2: configure bindings
Jumpy does not come with predefined bindings so you'll need to define yours.  
Go to `Preferences > Key Bindings`. Complete the file with this line:
```json
[
    { "keys": ["shift+enter"], "command": "jumpy" }
]
```

## Customization
You can customize how labels look like by editing your color scheme:
```html
#jumpy .label {
	<your css>
}
```

## TODO
#### Improve labels
Right now, labels are displayed using `phantoms`. When displayed, they shift your text. It's annoying.  
I'd prefer to edit the `buffer` but this complexifies A LOT how the package works, having to orchestrate more commands.  
Also, there's that to deal with https://github.com/sublimehq/sublime_text/issues/817#issuecomment-95211154.

#### Multi cursors
Keep current cursors and add new one on selected label. 

#### Select text between cursor and label

Commit message:

feat: placement and style of labels from user's settings

README.md, after:

[![Package Control](https://img.shields.io/packagecontrol/dt/Jumpy)](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/Jumpy)

# jumpy-sublime
An equivalent of [Atom's Jumpy package](https://github.com/DavidLGoldberg/jumpy) that creates dynamic hotkeys to jump around files and across visible panes, for Sublime Text.

![Demo of Jumpy](images/jumpy-in-action.gif)

## Installation

### Step 1: download package
#### Option 1: using Package Control
Open the Command Palette:  
- on PC: `shift+control+P`  
- on Mac: `shift+command+P`  

Select `Package Control: Install Package`.  

Select `Jumpy`.

#### Option 2: using GIT
```bash
git clone "https://github.com/jgburet/jumpy-sublime.git" \
	"~/Library/Application Support/Sublime Text 3/Packages/Jumpy" # <-- MacOS destination
```

### Step 2: configure bindings
Jumpy does not come with predefined bindings so you'll need to define yours.  
Go to `Preferences > Key Bindings`. Complete the file with this line:
```json
[
    { "keys": ["shift+enter"], "command": "jumpy" }
]
```

## Customization
Jumpy lets you customize the Regex used to identify where to put labels, as well as their CSS, so you can choose how they look like. Two entries are available for change: `jumpy.label_css` and `jumpy.regex`.  
Go to `Preferences > Settings` and set them to your preference.  

Jumpy also handles syntax specific configurations (`Preferences > Settings - Syntax Specific`). This means that it can behave differently between two files, even if they are opened & visible in the same window.  
This comes handy where the Regex used does not suits perfectly your syntax. For example, you might enhance it so `kebab-cased` CSS properties are not identified as several words.  

Example:
```json
	"jumpy.label_css": "background-color: color(var(--redish) min-contrast(var(--background) 2.5)); font-size: 0.7rem;",
	"jumpy.regex": "\\w+",
```

Notes:  
- the regex is escaped.  
- the whole CSS is overwritten, not just what collides.  
- it is prefered to use [variables](https://www.sublimetext.com/docs/minihtml.html#variables:ver-dev) so colors can match your color scheme.

A link that might help you:  
- https://www.sublimetext.com/docs/minihtml.html#css:ver-dev  

## TODO
#### Improve labels
Right now, labels are displayed using `phantoms`. When displayed, they shift your text. It's annoying.  
I'd prefer to edit the `buffer` but this complexifies A LOT how the package works, having to orchestrate more commands.  
Also, there's that to deal with https://github.com/sublimehq/sublime_text/issues/817#issuecomment-95211154.

#### Multi cursors
Keep current cursors and add new one on selected label. 

#### Select text between cursor and label
